EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/basket/basket_api/basket_events/basket_eventlistener_in_the_standard.md

# Basket - Eventlistener in the standard

eZ Commerce offers two standard event listeners.

## StandardBasketListener

The basket comes with a standard event listener which provides a logic for standard rules.

The standard listener provides the following checks:

- check if the quantity is valid for a `catalogElement`
- check for a minimum quantity 
- check for a maximum quantity
- check the packaging unit
- purges the basket cache after changes in the basket

#### Allowed quantity

> The allowed quantity is stored in `catalogElement` as a regex - `$allowedQuantity` - and is evaluated by a `preg_match()` function.

Reviewer: could it be "in the `catalogElement` object"? (repeated)
"a `preg_match()` function" -> "the `preg_match()` function"?

!!! note

    If the [catalog factory](../../../catalog/catalog_api/cms_dataprovider.md) did not set the $allowedQuantity attribute in the catalog element, only int quantity is valid.

#### Min and Max quantity

> The MIN and MAX values are stored in `EshopBundle/Resources/config/basket.yml` as a *default*, if not set in `catalogElement` as `$minOrderQuantity` and `$maxOrderQuantity`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The min and max values are stored in `EshopBundle/Resources/config/basket.yml` as a *default*, if not set in `catalogElement` as `$minOrderQuantity` and `$maxOrderQuantity`.
```

#### Packaging unit

> The packaging unit is stored in `catalogElement` as `packagingUnit`. If the requested quantity does not correspondent the packaging unit, the quantity is increased to the next possible quantity that will corresponding the packaging unit.

Reviewer: "does not correspondent the packaging unit" -> "does not correspond to the packaging unit"
"quantity that will corresponding the packaging unit." -> "quantity that corresponds to the packaging unit."

> The packaging unit is stored in `catalogElement` as `packagingUnit`. If the requested quantity does not correspondent the packaging unit, the quantity is increased to the next possible quantity that will corresponding the packaging unit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The packaging unit is stored in `catalogElement` as `packagingUnit`. If the requested quantity does not correspond to the packaging unit, the quantity is increased to the next possible quantity that corresponds to the packaging unit.
```

    parameters:

    ``` yaml

>     #here you can enable/disable the DiscontinuedProductsListener

Reviewer: `DiscontinuedProductsListener`
(formatting)

Reviewer 2: This is a comment in the code, we do not format or change comments.

### Logic

> There are three possibilities when listener checks stock information:

Reviewer: a listener
